Use shared ptrs for Python/C bindings (#443)
OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO: contributing/CODING_STANDARDS.md

one code path. In that case shoehorning a test case description into a
`when`/`then` style may be less readable than a simpler ad-hoc
alternative. Best judgement should be used, bearing in mind readability
and consistency trade-offs.

## C++

### Classes

C++ classes that represent system components with reference semantics
(as opposed to 'value' types) should inherit

> `std::enable_shared_from_this` and define a peer `Ptr` alias using

Author: Do you think we need the alias? If we also alias `enable_shared_from_this` is is likely we'd ever be able to seamlessly change what we were doing? That mechanisms seems very specific to the STL pointers.

> `std::enable_shared_from_this` and define a peer `Ptr` alias using

Reviewer: Since `enable_shared_from_this` is not templated on the type of smart pointer, if we swap out `SharedPtr` for a different implementation, then `enable_shared_from_this` will definitely break (unless, perhaps, if the type we swapped to can be constructed from a `std::shared_ptr`, but that seems unlikely).

So I think we should either alias both or alias neither. If we alias `enable_shared_from_this` we could conceivably swap it out with a drop-in replacement.  It's very unlikely that we will, just seems like a good practice.

I'm OK with just removing the aliases completely if that's what you prefer.

> `std::enable_shared_from_this` and define a peer `Ptr` alias using

Author: Capturing offline discussion:

 - We will keep the alias for `openassetio:makeShared` as it is Public API, and means that consumers of OpenAssetIO make use of the ptr aliases and `makeShared` - hiding the internal details. It's odd to use the ptr alias with `std::make_shared`, and we dont really want all host/manager code deciding on which pointer types to use.
 - We'll remove (#460) the internal ptr alias, as as pointed out, not also aliasing `enable_shared_from_this` breaks encapsulation, and its unlikely we'd have a drop-in replacement.
 - In the future (#461) work out how we want public object construction to work.

the `openassetio::SharedPtr`.

```cpp
class MyClass : std::enable_shared_from_this<MyClass> { ... };
using MyClassPtr = openassetio::SharedPtr<MyClass>;
```

This is to simplify memory management across the complex range of
language bindings within the project.

## C

### Handles

C Handles that manage reference semantics objects should always use a
`<T>Ptr` over a raw pointer, and use a `Shared` suffix in their naming,
to facilitate object exchange through multiple languages bindings.

```cpp
using SharedMyClass = Converter<MyClassPtr, oa_SharedMyClass_h>;
```

## Python bindings

### Holder classes for reference-semantic types

When binding something with reference semantics to python, the holder

> should always be a `<T>Ptr`. `pybind` understands `std::shared_ptr`, and

Reviewer: [consider] Probably good to use our alias
```suggestion
should always be a `<T>Ptr`. `pybind` understands `SharedPtr`, and
```

Author: Based on [the notes here](https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO/pull/443#discussion_r896746064), sticking with current form.

this avoids memory management issues when objects are exchanged through
multiple language bindings.

```cpp
py::class_<MyClass, MyClassPtr>(module, "MyClass")
  ...
```

### Methods with pointer arguments

> When binding methods that take a `<T>Ptr`, always use the

Reviewer: [consider] 
```suggestion
When binding methods that take a `<T>Ptr`, (almost) always use the
```
Counterexample: the constructor to `Context` can take a `None` for `managerState`/`locale`.
